I have nothing to do with Mr. Li
There must be a reason for the little sister to say that.
I'd better cooperate with him first
Mr. Li is here today
It must be for our cooperation signing ceremony
Why don't we get down to business first?
You made a big deal at the signing meeting
You still have the face to sign a contract with me.
Mr. Li, you misunderstood
He did it first
Yes, Mr. Li is this dead girl
Unknowingly making trouble here
I don't know what will happen if I offend Mr. Li?
Hurry up and apologize to Mr. Li
Mrs. Li is always Mrs. Bai
They Shandong said no.
Don't listen to him
He has a special relationship with the workers
So I speak for him
You mean I don't smell indiscriminate no
President Hu
That's not what it means.
Shut up
Quickly apologize to Lin Yong
Mr. Li, I'm sorry, it's not me who should apologize
It was him.
You asked me to apologize to him by kneeling down and apologizing
What did he say to apologize?
Let me kneel down and apologize to him
That's impossible.
Let you play as a family and wait for bankruptcy